README.md, before:

## INFO:

![Avatar](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26479015?s=200)

<dl>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Andrea</dd>
<dt>Surname</dt>
<dd>Graglia</dd>
<dt>Birthplace</dt>
<dd>Biella - Italy</dd>
<dt>Date of Birth</dt>
<dd>22th June 1985</dd>
<dt>Languages</dt>
<dd>Italian, English</dd>
</dl>

## WORK EXPERIENCE:

| WHEN      | ROLE                                   | WHERE                    |
| :-------- | :------------------------------------- | :----------------------- |
| Currently | **Fullstack developer contractor**     | Indipendent              |
| 2018-2020 | **Technical Web MarKeting specialist** | bonprix srl              |
| 2018      | **E-commerce developer**               | Orange Pix srl           |
| 2017      | **Junior Web Developer**               | 3w srl                   |
| 2014-2016 | **Cofounder at Wecoffee**              | Torrefazione Graglia snc |

## WORK DETAILS:

- **Indipendent IT Consultant**:

  - Fullstack developer for E-commerce, website and webapp
    - _Microservices architecture, APIs, GraphQl, React, Gatsby, Tailwind css, Markdown, Strapi, Amazon AWS, Git_
  - Java software developer
    - _Java 8 jdk, Sql, Maven, Ubuntu server, bash scripting_
  - Web marketing technical consultant
    - _Google Tag Manager, Hurrà OWAPro Tag Manager, cookie, GDPR, javascript web scripting, feed_

---

- **Web Marketing & IT Consulting at Bonprix**:
  - Opening of a new marketplace for the BonPrix brand, with management of middleware platform
    - _Channel Pilot, bindCommerce, feed_
  - Control of the work-flow on new implementations of e-commerce platforms, management of bug priorities
    - _Bug hunting, Jira workflow_
  - Feed and tracking evaluation on Ads performance
    - _Google Tag Manager, Hurrà OWAPro Tag Manager, GDPR_

---

- **E-commerce developer at OrangePix**:
  - Development of new e-commerce sites on Prestashop platform
    - _php, javascript, html, css, object orientd programming, mySql_
  - Bug fixing
  - Development of an official Prestashop module for massive import of Pharma products through API with Farmadati Db
  - Hosting management and e-mail & domain configurations
    - _Plesk, Aruba_

---

- **Web developer at 3W**:
  - Developement of a new e-commerce sites on Magento(V2) platform
    - _php, javascript, html, css, object oriented programming, mySql_
  - Content upload on Magento platform

---

- **Web master at Wecoffee**:
  - Ideating of a new bio coffee brand in eco-packaging
  - Development of the packaging
  - Development and management of a static website on Wordpress and an e-commerce site on Prestashop
  - Logistic management

---

## SKILLS:

`reactjs` `javascript` `git` `github` `java` `linux` `bash` `power shell` `jira` `css` `gatsbyjs` `graphql` `jamstack` `sql` `docker` `aws` `cookie` `gdpr`

## EDUCATION:

1.  **Bachelor degree in business administration**
    - Università degli Studi di Torino
1.  **High school degree in computer technology**
    - Itis Q.Sella - Biella

#### To discover more about me visit [my portfolio](https://andreagraglia.gatsbyjs.io) site

Commit message:

Add and review site links

README.md, after:

## INFO:

![Avatar](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26479015?s=200)

<dl>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Andrea</dd>
<dt>Surname</dt>
<dd>Graglia</dd>
<dt>Birthplace</dt>
<dd>Biella - Italy</dd>
<dt>Date of Birth</dt>
<dd>22th June 1985</dd>
<dt>Languages</dt>
<dd>Italian, English</dd>
</dl>

## WORK EXPERIENCE:

| WHEN      | ROLE                                   | WHERE                    |
| :-------- | :------------------------------------- | :----------------------- |
| Currently | **Fullstack developer contractor**     | Indipendent              |
| 2018-2020 | **Technical Web MarKeting specialist** | bonprix srl              |
| 2018      | **E-commerce developer**               | Orange Pix srl           |
| 2017      | **Junior Web Developer**               | 3w srl                   |
| 2014-2016 | **Cofounder at Wecoffee**              | Torrefazione Graglia snc |

## WORK DETAILS:

- **Indipendent IT Consultant**:

  - Fullstack developer for E-commerce, website and webapp
    - _Microservices architecture, APIs, GraphQl, React, Gatsby, Tailwind css, Markdown, Strapi, Amazon AWS, Git_
  - Java software developer
    - _Java 8 jdk, Sql, Maven, Ubuntu server, bash scripting_
  - Web marketing technical consultant
    - _Google Tag Manager, Hurrà OWAPro Tag Manager, cookie, GDPR, javascript web scripting, feed_

---

- **Web Marketing & IT Consulting at Bonprix**:
  - Opening of a new marketplace for the BonPrix brand, with management of middleware platform
    - _Channel Pilot, bindCommerce, feed_
  - Control of the work-flow on new implementations of e-commerce platforms, management of bug priorities
    - _Bug hunting, Jira workflow_
  - Feed and tracking evaluation on Ads performance
    - _Google Tag Manager, Hurrà OWAPro Tag Manager, GDPR_

---

- **E-commerce developer at OrangePix**:
  - Development of new e-commerce sites on Prestashop platform
    - _php, javascript, html, css, object orientd programming, mySql_
  - Bug fixing
  - Development of an official Prestashop module for massive import of Pharma products through API with Farmadati Db
  - Hosting management and e-mail & domain configurations
    - _Plesk, Aruba_

---

- **Web developer at 3W**:
  - Developement of a new e-commerce sites on Magento(V2) platform
    - _php, javascript, html, css, object oriented programming, mySql_
  - Content upload on Magento platform

---

- **Web master at Wecoffee**:
  - Ideating of a new bio coffee brand in eco-packaging
  - Development of the packaging
  - Development and management of a static website on Wordpress and an e-commerce site on Prestashop
  - Logistic management

---

## SKILLS:

`reactjs` `javascript` `git` `github` `java` `linux` `bash` `power shell` `jira` `css` `gatsbyjs` `graphql` `jamstack` `sql` `docker` `aws` `cookie` `gdpr`

## EDUCATION:

1.  **Bachelor degree in business administration**
    - Università degli Studi di Torino
1.  **High school degree in computer technology**
    - Itis Q.Sella - Biella

#### To discover more about me visit [https://andreagraglia.gatsbyjs.io](https://andreagraglia.gatsbyjs.io).
#### If you are reading the pdf version, this page is also reachable online at https://andre-gra.github.io/cv/.
